README.md, before:

# Code-Examples
BASH_C_Combination: Source code for a calculator that is implemented through the command line with BASH and then calls a C file to do the calculations.

Binary_Search_Tree_C++: Self implemented Binary Search Tree Class

Expert_System_prolog: A simple Expert System written in prolog that stores data on a university software engineering program. Designed to answer any questions a user might have via queries (examples given).

Geometry_Server_erlang: A simple server written in Erlang to play with concurrent programming. Server can be started and will continuously loop until shut down. Will accept and answer questions that are sent to it.

Hash_Map_Fun_C++: Self implemented HashMap. Can store and search a book for how many times a specified word appears and what the 10 most common words are.

Neural_Net_C#: A neural network built in C# for image recognition. Designed to recognize whether a given shape is an X or an O. Will accept training data in the form of 8x8 grids.

Question_Answer_python: A question/answer program designed to practice software testing and simulated development environment. Uses requirements, user stories, job stories...etc as design guide.

Commit message:

Updating ReadMe to include Morg Simulator

README.md, after:

# Code-Examples
Morg_Simulator_C#: Simulator designed and implemented in C# to read from a file to create "Morgs" little micro-organisms that hunt and eat each other. Implemented using Design patterns: Strategy, Observer, Decorator, and Factory

BASH_C_Combination: Source code for a calculator that is implemented through the command line with BASH and then calls a C file to do the calculations.

Binary_Search_Tree_C++: Self implemented Binary Search Tree Class

Expert_System_prolog: A simple Expert System written in prolog that stores data on a university software engineering program. Designed to answer any questions a user might have via queries (examples given).

Geometry_Server_erlang: A simple server written in Erlang to play with concurrent programming. Server can be started and will continuously loop until shut down. Will accept and answer questions that are sent to it.

Hash_Map_Fun_C++: Self implemented HashMap. Can store and search a book for how many times a specified word appears and what the 10 most common words are.

Neural_Net_C#: A neural network built in C# for image recognition. Designed to recognize whether a given shape is an X or an O. Will accept training data in the form of 8x8 grids.

Question_Answer_python: A question/answer program designed to practice software testing and simulated development environment. Uses requirements, user stories, job stories...etc as design guide.
